[DOC] Updates to external listener config procedures (#3353)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/proc-accessing-kafka-using-nodeports.adoc

This procedure describes how to access a Strimzi Kafka cluster from an external client using node ports.

> To connect to a broker, you need a hostname (advertised address) and port number for the Kafka _bootstrap address_,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to a broker, you need a hostname and port number for the Kafka _bootstrap address_,
```

        authentication:
          type: tls
        configuration:
          brokerCertChainAndKey: <2>
            secretName: my-secret
            certificate: my-certificate.crt

>             key: my-key.key

Reviewer: This is unrelated to the nodeports. MAybe we should remove it from this procedure?

Author: We can remove it, but isn't it used with nodeport? https://strimzi.io/docs/operators/master/using.html#type-NodePortListenerConfiguration-reference

Reviewer: It can be used with any external listener. So it is not wrong per se. But it is not required, just optional. So I think having it in this example just here might be confusing.

Author: Removed. We talk about it in the concepts and _Providing your own Kafka listener certificates_. I guess that's enough.

          preferredAddressType: InternalDNS <3>
    # ...
  zookeeper:
    # ...
----
<2> Optional configuration for a xref:kafka-listener-certificates-str[Kafka listener certificate] managed by an external Certificate Authority. The `brokerCertChainAndKey` property specifies a `Secret` that holds a server certificate and a private key. Kafka listener certificates can also be configured for TLS listeners.
<3> Optional configuration to xref:con-kafka-broker-external-listeners-nodeports-{context}[specify a preference for the first address type used by Strimzi as the node address].

. Create or update the resource.
+
[source,shell,subs=+quotes]
kubectl apply -f _KAFKA-CONFIG-FILE_
+
`NodePort` type services are created for each Kafka broker, as well as an external _bootstrap service_.
The bootstrap service routes external traffic to the Kafka brokers.

> Node addresses used for connection are propagated to the `status` of each service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node addresses used for connection are propagated to the `status` of the Kafka custom resource.
```

. Retrieve the connection details to access the Kafka cluster.
+
[source,shell,subs=+quotes]
kubectl get kafka _KAFKA-CLUSTER-NAME_ -o=jsonpath='{.status.listeners[?(@.type=="external")].bootstrapServers}{"\n"}'
+

> You need:

Reviewer: From this point on the rest of the `Retrieve the connection details to access the Kafka cluster.` section should be removed.

Author: Can we confirm/verify what the reader needs to pick up from the fetch? 

> Use the address and port number of one of the kafka broker nodes (_NODE-ADDRESS:NODE-PORT_) in your Kafka client as the _bootstrap address_ to connect to the Kafka cluster.

Reviewer: When the user runs this command: `kubectl get kafka _KAFKA-CLUSTER-NAME_ -o=jsonpath='{.status.listeners[?(@.type=="external")].bootstrapServers}{"\n"}'` ... it will give back the bootstrap address ... so the `_NODE-ADDRESS:NODE-PORT_`. That is why the user doesn't need anything more.

Author: Removed
